azurerm_application_gateway: add connection draining (#2778)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/application_gateway.html.markdown

* `authentication_certificate` - (Optional) One or more `authentication_certificate` blocks.

> * `connection_draining` - (Optional) One or more `connection_draining` blocks.

Reviewer: since only one item can be set:

```suggestion
* `connection_draining` - (Optional) A `connection_draining` block as defined below.
```

Author: Updated the verbiage
